OSDOCS-5260:Etcd docs for MicroShift (#56833)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_support/microshift-etcd.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-etcd"]
= MicroShift etcd
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-etcd

toc::[]

> :FeatureName: MicroShift

Reviewer: I'm noticing that throughout the docs we have the tech preview snippet in different places. Sometimes its at the beginning of the assembly and sometimes its after the intro. I'm wondering what you think looks better?

Author: Good question @kelbrown20 ! Lets mention it in the docs call in a bit.

include::snippets/microshift-tech-preview-snip.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title} etcd is delivered as part of the {product-title} RPM. The etcd service is run as a separate process and its lifecycle is managed automatically by {product-title}.

Reviewer: Up to you! 
```suggestion
{product-title} etcd is a part of the {product-title} RPM. The etcd service is run as a separate process and the lifecycle is managed automatically by {product-title}.
```

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-etcd"]
= MicroShift etcd
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-etcd

toc::[]

:FeatureName: MicroShift
include::snippets/microshift-tech-preview-snip.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} etcd is delivered as part of the {product-title} RPM and runs as a separate process. The logs will appear in their own system log stream `journalctl -u microshift-etcd.scope`.

> {product-title} manages the etcd process automatically. You will be able to view etcd running under systemd `systemctl status microshift-etcd` and collect logs from it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{product-title} manages the etcd process automatically. You will be able to view etcd running under systemd `systemctl status microshift-etcd.scope` and collect logs from it.
```

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="etcd-microshift"]
= MicroShift etcd systemd log stream
//another name idea could be "Etcd as a transient systemd unit that is managed by MicroShift"
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: etcd-microshift

toc::[]

> MicroShift etcd logs will operate in their own system log stream by running the etcd container image under Podman and running the etcd binary installed on a MicroShift RPM.

Reviewer 3: etcd does not run in a container, so podman is not used. It runs as a transient systemd unit, and that's what ensures the logs are separated. However, I don't think we want user documentation to go into that level of detail about implementation. I think it is sufficient to say something like "MicroShift etcd runs as a separate process and the logs will appear in their own system log stream called name-goes-here."

:FeatureName: MicroShift
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//

> As a part of MicroShift installation, etcd will automatically start by using `systemd-run etcd`. You will be able to view etcd running under systemd `systemctl status microshift-etcd` and collect logs from it.

Reviewer 3: The MicroShift process manages the etcd process. How it does that is an implementation detail, so let's leave that out of these docs.

```suggestion
MicroShift manages the etcd process automatically. You will be able to view etcd running under systemd `systemctl status microshift-etcd` and collect logs from it.
```
